Introduction and Business Problem
Jack Murphy is a unique character and a successful business owner in the ‘adventures’ industry. He has a hiking business across many cities in the US and has decided to open a branch of it in the GTA. He is oscillating between these two boroughs: Scarborough and Etobicoke but unsure of the neighbourhoods within. He has certain criteria he would like to ensure are met, and the location that most satisfies these requirements will be his choice to lease in. 
Jack, and two employees from marketing/advertising, will be reviewing this report, and the accuracy of the story told by the data provided will be used in advertising the launch of Jack’s GTA Hike. This information may continue to be used in future marketing and advertising campaigns if evidently successful, to continue attracting customers.
One criteria he would like met, is the presence of hotels. A variety of hotels would be most preferable, and with a wide price range to accommodate his customers' financial abilities. 
Another criteria is the presence of at least one coffee shop that opens early and stays open late. This would be most convenient for his customers who may want a coffee in the early mornings and/or who may want a tea when they get back in the evenings. 
The final criteria is a drugstore, or a convenience store. One that supplies ibuprofen for a headache, a toothbrush, a cold drink or a quick snack.
The customers who sign up for Jack's GTA hike would meet up at the business location where a shuttle bus will be waiting to escort them to one of the hike locations. Customers are responsible for their own accommodation, and morning and evening coffee but Jack’s Hike would provide water, meals and snacks throughout the day.
Jack will use the availability of hotels, coffee shops and drugstores near Jack's GTA Hike in his marketing campaign, and therefore the accuracy of the report is of utmost importance. Jack prides himself in his dependability and accuracy in advertising. He likes to under-promise and over-deliver, so any inconsistencies will be costly to his reputation, and of course, to our reputation.

Data
I will compare the selected three venues (hotels, coffee shops and drugstores or convenience stores) within the two boroughs (Etobicoke and Scarborough) and in turn compare neighbourhoods within to determine most suitable locations to Jack's criteria. I will start by comparing Etobicoke and Scarborough in terms of the number of: coffee shops, drug stores and hotels. Compare the number of locations and hours of operation for the coffee shops from Foursquare. I will proceed to eliminate the neighbourhoods that do not meet the availability of the three venues near-by, then by the hours-of-operation criteria (or that close earlier than others). Having narrowed down the selection of neighbourhoods I will then research hotel prices (possibly via an external source) to ensure there is a range of prices available in the remaining neighbourhoods. 
If I run into a situation where it seems these three criteria are not easily met. I will change the order of elimination so that my recommendations vary. So, I would start by the three venues but eliminate by hotel prices before coffee shop operation hours.
I will present the top three neighbourhoods to Jack and his team with supporting evidence from Foursquare.
